by RentAnAdviser.com
I want you to stay
Till I'm in the grave
Till I rot away, dead and buried
Till I'm in the casket you carry
If you go, I'm going too, uh
'Cause it was always you, uh
And if I'm turning blue,
please, don't save me
Nothing left to lose without my baby
Birds of a feather, we
should stick together
I know I said I'd never think
I wasn't better alone
Can't change the weather,
might not be forever
But if it's forever, it's even better
And I don't know what I'm crying for
I don't think I could love you more
It might not be long, but, baby, I
I'll love you till the day that I die
Till the day that I die
Till the light leaves my eyes
I want you to see, mmm
How you look to me, huh
You wouldn't believe if I told ya
You would keep the compliments
I throw ya
But you're so full of shit, hmm
Tell me it's a bit, oh
Say you don't see it,
your mind's polluted
Say you wanna quit, don't be stupid
And I don't know what I'm crying for
I don't think I could love you more
It might not be long, but, baby, but I
Don't wanna say goodbye
(Birds of a feather, we should stick
together) till the day that I die
(I know I said I'd never think
I wasn't better alone) till
the light leaves my eyes
(Can't change the weather, might not
be forever) till the day that I die
But if it's forever, it's even better
I knew you in another life
You had the same look in your eyes
I love you, don't act so surprised
by RentAnAdviser.com